Update theming.md (#2515)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/user-interface/theming.md

1. Add code to load a theme at runtime. For more information, see [Load a theme at runtime](#load-a-theme-at-runtime).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Use the [`StaticResource`](xref:Microsoft.Maui.Controls.Xaml.StaticResourceExtension) markup extension if your app doesn’t need to change themes dynamically at runtime. If you anticipate switching themes while the app is running, use the [`DynamicResource`](xref:Microsoft.Maui.Controls.Xaml.DynamicResourceExtension) markup extension, which enables resources to be updated at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use the [`StaticResource`](xref:Microsoft.Maui.Controls.Xaml.StaticResourceExtension) markup extension if your app doesn't need to change themes dynamically at runtime. If you anticipate switching themes while the app is running, use the [`DynamicResource`](xref:Microsoft.Maui.Controls.Xaml.DynamicResourceExtension) markup extension, which enables resources to be updated at runtime.
```
